PEP 782: Fix a minor typo (#4492)
python/peps: peps/pep-0782.rst

each time a larger write is needed.

> This strategy is inefficient because it requires to enlarge the buffer

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This strategy is inefficient because it requires enlarging the buffer
```
